.github/automatic-issues/set-repo-settings.md, before:


For more information on these settings see instructions in [Starting a new OTTR course](https://www.ottrproject.org/getting_started.html#starting-a-new-ottr-course).

- [ ] This course repository is set to `public`.
- [ ] [Github secret `GH_PAT` has been set](https://www.ottrproject.org/getting_started.html#6_Set_up_your_GitHub_personal_access_token)
  `Name`:  `GH_PAT`
  `value`: A personal access token [following these instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-token).
  Underneath `Select scopes`, check both `repo` and `workflow`.
  Then copy the PAT and save as the value.

- [ ] GitHub pages is turned on
  - [ ] Go to `Settings` > `Pages`. Underneath `Source`, choose `main` for the branch and select the `docs` folder. Then click `Save`.  
  - [ ] Check `Enforce HTTPS`.

- [ ] [Set branch protections settings](https://www.ottrproject.org/getting_started.html#8_Set_up_branch_rules)
  - [ ] `main` branch has been set up:
    - [ ] `Require pull request reviews before merging` box is checked.
    - [ ] `Require status checks to pass before merging` box is checked.
      - [ ] Underneath that `Require branches to be up to date before merging` box is checked.
  - [ ] Click `Save` at the bottom of the page!

- [ ] [Customize GitHub actions](https://www.ottrproject.org/customize-robots.html) for what you will need in this course.

Commit message:

fix set-repo-settings.md for C-MOOR

.github/automatic-issues/set-repo-settings.md, after:


For more information on these settings see instructions in [Using C-MOOR_Template](https://github.com/C-MOOR/C-MOOR_Template/wiki/Using-C%E2%80%90MOOR_Template) and [Starting a new OTTR course](https://www.ottrproject.org/getting_started.html#starting-a-new-ottr-course).

- [ ] This course repository is set to `public`.
- [ ] [Github secret `GH_PAT` has been set](https://www.ottrproject.org/getting_started.html#6_Set_up_your_GitHub_personal_access_token)
  `Name`:  `GH_PAT`
  `value`: A personal access token [following these instructions](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-token).
  Underneath `Select scopes`, check both `repo` and `workflow`.
  Then copy the PAT and save as the value.

- [ ] GitHub pages is turned on
  - [ ] Go to `Settings` > `Pages`. Underneath `Source`, choose `main` for the branch and select the `docs` folder. Then click `Save`.  
  - [ ] Check `Enforce HTTPS`.
  - [ ] Go back to the repo root.  In the About section (on the right) click the gear icon to edit, then check the box to use your GitHub pages site as the website for the repository.

- [ ] [Set branch protections settings](https://www.ottrproject.org/getting_started.html#8_Set_up_branch_rules)
  - [ ] `main` branch has been set up:
    - [ ] `Require pull request reviews before merging` box is checked.
    - [ ] `Require status checks to pass before merging` box is checked.
      - [ ] Underneath that `Require branches to be up to date before merging` box is checked.
  - [ ] Click `Save` at the bottom of the page!

- [ ] [Customize GitHub actions](https://www.ottrproject.org/customize-robots.html) for what you will need in this course.
